Update multi-project docs for v1.5.0-rc1 (!) (#3171)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/custom-aliases.md

```

If these models should indeed have the same database identifier, you can work around this error by configuring a [custom schema](/docs/build/custom-schemas) for one of the models.

#### Model versions

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.4">

New in v1.5

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.5">

**Related documentation:**
- [Model versions](govern/model-versions)
- [`versions`](resource-properties/versions#alias)

> By default, dbt will create versioned models with the alias `<model_name>_v<v>`, where `<v>` is that version's unique identifier. You can customize this behavior just like you can for non-versioned models, by configuring a custom `alias` or reimplementing the `generate_alias_name` macro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, dbt will create versioned models with the alias `<model_name>_v<v>`, where `<v>` is that version's unique identifier. You can customize this behavior just like for non-versioned models by configuring a custom `alias` or re-implementing the `generate_alias_name` macro.
```
